like new Basic shy plus
Felipe was the one who does everything
command spear on the right ran erder
Luis has joined into the area the bill of light
chose carlos alberto entered
the Basque of the range
to Carlos Alberto at the intersection of
éder louís it's letter
Letter that likes the goal put in the net
Carlos Alberto opened the count at 24
24 now the passion of the bed a stove 0 x 1
Botafogo da aline bordalo volume new
time on the right held the ball now
for the jackson domain told jadson
holds the ball attracted the
first launch was rodrigo
mendes tries at the entrance of the large area is
marked by the domain slipped on the line
the background of the looks are pure
the goal
edson costa is the sun but nothing to see
Pink and the boy smoke months on end
right cross creeping into the area
is the sound coming up coming up
speed on the ali in the small area
anchored to the string
30 minutes into the game now and
four wheels is option 9 shirt gives it all
like the Basque a useful firefighter
Look at the ball again, well, Felipe.
ran tried inside the large area was
the cart won case alberto escorou
came in
the goal
It's from the macho man Carlos Alberto failed me
Quitte a ball bitch was in the cart
won the split and when he crossed the game
outdoor
the carlos alberto do on the line
I put it in the bar band now 3838 I do it
since empata vasco gave boot a marcelo
matorelli ball he tried to throw at
author on the edge right gabriel straightened his
right of the big area will cross crossed
to the area
Now exploring bruno has entered
the goal
It's Botafogo
raw on bay says gabriel sees she tells
of the electorate in the large area when
crossed the bruno boy baby in the dark
vacancy of bruno until persecuted marked him
put in the bar band 29 half 29 half of the
second stage is the tie goal of the
botafogo has now died 12 basque towers
place the play of lodeiro killed two o
bruno mendes approached the Chilean entered
the attacked the goal the profit in the kiss from outside
of the area a kick there without river in the corner
left of liverpool for he did have the
Your Sunday is the third of botafogo
turn around
bruno beija is his second in the game
now cooker 3 Basque two goals